## About

This project kicked off the MNML Series One week, where I decided to have a chilled week of coding, while listening to Orbital, Tubeway Army, The KLF, Future Sounds of London, Aphex Twin and Kate Bush. I wanted to push the thumbnail generated by fxhash into the realms of _very_ minimal, but even I wasn't brave enough to make it a completely blank canvas, each mint has it's own unique subtle paper texture.

However over the period of 4 minutes 33 seconds the art piece is "performed", a visual version of John Cage's 4'33", in this case a single line, water and rainfall fill up the design. Once the 4 miniutes 33 seconds are up the artwork is finished.

To make sure everyone didn't end up with a blank canvas, a second project "33'4 was created afterwards to air drop to owners, with the artwork reversed; starting with the design going to nothing after 4'33", thus giving everyone a "before" and "after" version of the artwork to keep.

## Places

* Canonical project page: https://www.fxhash.xyz/generative/12628
* High-resolution page: https://revdancatt.com/art/4-33-12628
* "Right Click Save" edition: https://revdancatt.com/RCS/4-33-12628

**Canonical**: where the v1 of the project was first published  
**High-res**: where the project lives on my website with high-res outputs  
**RCS edition**: where the latest updated version of the project lives

## Running

The files you need are...

```
index.html
  ╰ index.js
  ╰ paper.js
```

...spin up a local webserver or just opening index.html should do the trick, see instructions.md for, well, instructions.

## Code usage

I've placed the code here for educational purposes, for anyone who wants to learn from _somewhat_ badly written code. You may not sell/mint/etc. outputs from this code, you may keep, print, display them for personal use. Please see the LICENSE for more information.
